-- task definition 
	Specific - (scope included)
	Measurable - (layout b/a approved)
	Achievable -
	Relevant - 
	Timely - analysis, testing, coding before and after
	

-- summary of my change

-- testing steps
	
-- comment(s) for DBA


1-Server/IP Address: 

2-Database system:  -- a pulldown of (SQL Server or Postgres)

3-Steps to replicate problem (provide login for DBA if needed to)  : (free form text field, large)

4-Call stack/Traces containing error, plus a few lines before and after: (free form text field, large)

5-Previous Attempts(actions) to resolve the issue (for DevOps)
  Or
  Previous database's changes (For Developers) 

6-Priority Level: (Major, Medium, Low)  

7-Due Date


please don't take the following personal: please for next time, please make sure your test
 cover all scenarii and use different values. If I don't see that I will mention 
 that on the ticket and have the supervisor approve the deployment as is
 
---->new developement
Server:
Database Name:
-Steps to replicate issue/functionality
-parameters and current output to test with then after the change parameters and expected output
-Possible Apps or areas of business affected: 

----> New changes to the databases
Server:
Database Name:
Schema:
Object Type(table, views, SP, trigger ...):
Merge request:
Previous database's changes (made in dev/prod databases):
Many databases objects involved? if yes, what are there? and in which order are we deploy them?
	a single file for db objects/queries will be appreciated
Posssible Apps or areas of business affected:
Summary of tests performed:
Approval from supervisor


--->  New issue from apps
Server:
Database Name:
Application/program name:
Object Type(table, views, SP, trigger ...):
Steps to replicate issue/functionality:
Call stack or/and Traces from apps experiencing the issue
Query involved(included parameters if possible):
Previous Attempts(actions) to resolve the issue:
Many databases objects involved? if yes, what are there? and in which order are we deploy them?
	a single file for db objects/queries will be appreciated
Posssible Apps or areas of business affected:
Summary of tests performed:
Approval from supervisor:

please put a context around it in just couples sentences so DBA the ins and outs of this request, what part of the business this impact and effects on others tables/queries. thanks

---> Sisense
Dashboard's name (if many, please them)
screenshots and link to each of them:
Steps to replicate issue: (so I can see what you are seeing)




----> optimization
please create an DBSUPPORT for dba to take look on how to speed up the routine. and in the description please tell us why it is needed, how long it took usually, mention app related, job related and any usefull info about it


what this object is meant for
what is its logic structure? ex. select ... then update ... convert ... 

what are you going to change

what impact/effect your change will have

what are going to test + testing steps

have you used at least 5 different input
what are outputs you expect?

layout+rows count+columns order




@ offline. If URGENT, Please, Create a ticket with these REQUIRED information

1-Server/IP Address:
2-Database system: 
3-Steps to replicate problem 
4-Call stack/Traces 
5-Previous Attempts(actions)
6-Priority Level:
7-Due Date
THEN call my phone's number


exec RmsAdmin.dbo.p_RMSSQLRestartControl  START
exec RmsAdmin.dbo.p_RMSSQLRestartControl